= QR Code =
'''Version:''' 0.3
'''Copyright:''' 2013 Bryce Campbell

==Description== 

This plugin places a QR Code at the bottom of posts, when they are printed, which can be used by smart phone users.

== Version History ==

<dl>
<dt style="font-weight:bold">0.1</dt><dd>Initial Release</dd>
<dt style="font-weight:bold">0.2</dt><dd>Change QR generator to use JQuery, so that it does not rely on Google Chart API. Released 5/15/2013 9:24 P.S.T.</dd>
<dt style="font-weight:bold">0.3</dt><dd>Add support for Habari 0.10. <strong>(Is not compatible with Habari 0.9.x)</strong> released 6/7/2013</dd>
</dl>

== Support ==

If you are encountering issues, feel free to let me know at the address below.

'''E-mail:''' habari@brycecampbell.me

Please make sure that The name of the plugin in and '''Habari''' are in the subject field, so that I know what you talking about.

== License ==

This plugin is Licensed under the [http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT MIT License].

== Misc. ==

This plugin has been tested with version 0.9 of Habari.

=== Configuration ===

This plugin is not configurable through the Habari admin, but if you know PHP, one should be able to insert any kind of Quick Response code they desire.

The CSS file only determines whether or not it is shown in web browsers, in addition to the print medium. The main PHP file is what holds the source for the QR code, using an inline style.

=== jQuery QR code ===

As of version 0.2, this plugin utilizes Jerome Etienne's [https://github.com/jeromeetienne/jquery-qrcode jquery.qrcode.js], which is also licensed under the MIT License.
